_collections/_mentees/2021-10-20-kevin-tan.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Kevin Tan 
date: 2021-10-20
image: assets/images/kevin-tan.jpg
about: If I would describe myself, I would say that I am a chill person. If i wanted to throw some adjectives out the the top of my head, I would say I am honest, determined, flexible, considerate, and optimistic. I used to be introverted , but I think I'm starting to grow out of that shell and I've been making good progress.
year: Freshman
major: Computer Science

---

### About

If I would describe myself, I would say that I am a chill person. If i wanted to throw some adjectives out the the top of my head, I would say I am honest, determined, flexible, considerate, and optimistic. I used to be introverted , but I think I'm starting to grow out of that shell and I've been making good progress.

### Career Goals

To be completely honest, my career goals are to just be economically stable and free.

### Interests

I like anime and stuff. I play games like minecraft, genshin, overwatch, valorant, etc

### Looking For

As long as they are friendly and helpful, i'm fine with anyone. At the moment, i'm not looking for a mentor for a specific reason.

<div class="text-center my-5">
    <img src="https://sase-drexel.github.io/mentorship-2021/assets/images/kevin-tan.jpg" alt="Kevin Tan" class="rounded post-img" />
</div>

Commit message:

Mentees (#22)
* Adding Tarana as mentor, fixing Luke's image, adding credit to me

* Adding Albert, fixing text issues

* Update feed.xml

Trying to resolve conflict with master's feed.xml

* Adding Kacy, fixing Kevin Tan and Jubby

* Update feed.xml

* Update feed.xml

_collections/_mentees/2021-10-20-kevin-tan.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Kevin Tan 
date: 2021-10-20
image: assets/images/kevin-tan.jpg
about: Hello, my name is Kevin, i'm a 1st year majoring in CS, and I'm from New York. I would say that I am a chill person and i like relaxing, watching shows and playing games etc. I used to be bit introverted, but I think I'm starting to grow out of that shell and I've been making good progress.
year: Freshman
major: Computer Science

---

### About

Hello, my name is Kevin, i'm a 1st year majoring in CS, and I'm from New York. I would say that I am a chill person and i like relaxing, watching shows and playing games etc. I used to be bit introverted, but I think I'm starting to grow out of that shell and I've been making good progress.

### Career Goals

To be completely honest, my career goals are to just be economically stable and free.

### Interests

I like anime and stuff. I play games like minecraft, genshin, overwatch, valorant, etc

### Looking For

As long as they are friendly and helpful, i'm fine with anyone. At the moment, i'm not looking for a mentor for a specific reason.

<div class="text-center my-5">
    <img src="https://sase-drexel.github.io/mentorship-2021/assets/images/kevin-tan.jpg" alt="Kevin Tan" class="rounded post-img" />
</div>
